
## December 2018

### Enhancement
* [Enable/disable custom splash URL](https://dashboard.meraki.com/api_docs#modify-the-splash-page-settings-for-the-given-ssid)
`"useSplashUrl": true`

* [New parameters to configure thirdPartyVPNPeers](https://dashboard.meraki.com/api_docs#update-the-third-party-vpn-peers-for-an-organization)

### New endpoint 
* [Get the uplink loss percentage and latency in milliseconds for a wired network device.](https://dashboard.meraki.com/api_docs#get-the-uplink-loss-percentage-and-latency-in-milliseconds-for-a-wired-network-device)

`GET /networks/[networkId]/devices/[serial]/lossAndLatencyHistory`

This endpoint provides rich monitoring and reporting telemetry in the form of packet loss and packet latency over time for the WAN interfaces of MX devices, to which SLAs are often tied. 

### Integration  
* [Meraki Webhooks with PagerDuty](https://create.meraki.io/build/meraki-alerts-with-pagerduty/#h-l6idbksh1m1r)

## November 2018
Enhancement Parameter to disable the local status page for networks

Enhancement Create network endpoint – Added support for Systems Manager and Camera networks

Note: valid network types are wireless, appliance, switch, phone, systemsManager, camera or a space-separated list of those for a combined network
New endpoint Introducing MV Sense API

The MV Sense API allows developers to access three types of rich data insights

Historical aggregate: How many people were in a given area at a specified time, and where exactly were they in the frame?
Current snapshot: How many people are in a given area right now, and where exactly are they in the frame?
Real-time feed: A stream of the number of people and their exact location in a frame, pushed out in sub-second intervals


October 2018
New endpoint Introducing Meraki Webhooks for all alerts in the Meraki dashboard. We’re pleased to announce the availability of Meraki Webhook Alerts for all alerts within the dashboard. Setting up Webhook Alerts is very straightforward, see the reference guide and Postman collection to get started!



New endpoint Configure Network Alerts

New endpoint Configure Syslog Server(s)

List the syslog servers for a network
Update the syslog servers for a network
New endpoint Enable / Disable VLANs for MX networks

New endpoint Firewalled Services

List the appliance services and their accessibility rules
Return the accessibility settings of the given service
Updates the accessibility settings for the given service
Enhancement Systems Manager list SM devices endpoint now supports new additional fields in the fields parameter

GET /networks/[network_id]/sm/devices?fields
autoTags
ownerEmail
ownerUsername
Integration Meraki Dashboard Alerts with Google Sheets

Learn how to easily capture Meraki Dashboard alerts using webhooks and Google Sheets.

Integration Network alerting in WebEx Teams with Webhooks

Ensure the entire team gets notified when there’s a network event by integrating Meraki alerts with your favorite collaboration app

Integration Merakibeat Elastic Beats plugin for Meraki Wireless Health APIs

A new Elastic Beats plugin for the Meraki Wireless Health API that makes it easy to boot-strap sending Stats
to elasticsearch or any of output service supported by beats.

September 2018
New API Endpoints

Enhancement Display the splash page settings for the given SSID

Enhancement Modify the splash page settings for the given SSID

New endpoint List the syslog servers for a network

New endpoint Update the syslog servers for a network

New endpoint Return a video link for the specified camera

Enhancement Return the inventory for an organization

Now includes device name in JSON array:
[
  {
    "mac": "00:11:22:33:44:55",
    "serial": "Q234-ABCD-5678",
    "networkId": "N_24329156",
    "model": "MR34",
    "claimedAt": 1518365681.0,
    "publicIp": "123.123.123.1",
    "name": "My AP"
  }
]
As always, please see the Postman Collection for more details on these and all Dashboard API endpoints.

 

 

July 2018
API Feature Improvements
Poll additional client statistics

The Dashboard API now allows you to poll for client statistics, including the client usage and statistics like traffic and latency history as well as security events. For the full list of Client endpoints, please visit the Meraki Postman collection.

Meraki authentication users and login attempts

Poll for:

Authentication attempts against the Meraki authentication server via traditional cloud RADIUS or splash page
Splash page login attempts
Bluetooth clients

Poll for all the Bluetooth clients seen by the access points in a Meraki network.

As always, please see the Postman Collection for more details on these and all Dashboard API endpoints.

New Solution Guides & Demos
> Meraki Dashboard Reports with Google Sheets

Easily import Meraki Network data into Google Sheets using the Meraki Dashboard API. This tool allows administrators to create reports for a single network, organization or across multiple networks or orgs. Built into the tool is reporting for:

Organizations by API key
Organizations
Device Inventory
Networks
Devices
License State
Configuration Templates
Group Policies
SSIDs
VLANs
The source code and a clone-able demo is available here.

> Captive Portal with Mews Hospitality PMS

Integrate a wireless network with a hotel PMS system, using the Meraki and Mews APIs. This guide serves as an example of what could easily be built when you have the power of cloud networking on your side.

May 2018
API Feature Improvements
Configure your Meraki network for compliance with GDPR regulations (EMEA only)

For Organizations hosted in the EMEA region, the Dashboard API now supports PII (Personally Identifiable Information) endpoints for GDPR compliance. More information is available here and the Postman collection has also been updated.

New Solution Guides & Demos
> Create Custom Analytics Dashboards with Meraki and Splunk
Splunk can collect data from a Meraki network using the Scanning API to collect location data for Wi-Fi and bluetooth devices and using Syslog to collect syslog events for the MX security appliance. This integration guide and live demo shows the potential for what is possible with Splunk and Meraki.

> Create Meraki Networks with ServiceNow and Angular

Explore a scenario in which a service provider would like to provide a custom Meraki tool where their operators can easily provision a network. The tool supports site details, binding a newly created network to a template and adding devices. The results are stored in a database table for use with other ServiceNow services.

> Manage Administrators with the Meraki Puppet Module

The new Cisco Meraki module for Puppet lets you define Meraki organization administrators across all of your networks and across multiple organizations, a task that can be tedious for large IT organizations with complex permissions such as service providers or large IT organizations.

> Configure your Meraki Network to Support Yelp WiFi

This guide will walk you through the process of creating a Meraki Network configured to support Yelp WiFi. Once you have a Network created, you will be able to add access points and begin using them to create your Yelp WiFi hotspots.

April 2018
API Feature Improvements
List the status of every Meraki device in the entire Organization

Our Dashboard API has been updated to allow users to pull Meraki node statuses for the entire Organization in one API call and in one JSON blob. This removes the requirement to make many (sometimes thousands) of API calls to retrieve this information, reducing overhead and restrictions from the API rate limit.

This call returns the following attributes in array format:



Further documentation is available in the Postman Collection.

New Solution Guides & Demos
Wayfinding with Meraki and Mapwize
Individuals often have a hard time finding their way indoors, as services like Google Maps don’t generally provide guidance. Mapwize’s indoor mapping platform allows you to use Meraki access points to navigate buildings like shopping malls, hospitals and more. This article will teach you how to create a custom map with Mapwize’s open-source platform and deploy it alongside Meraki access points and the Scanning API.

Investigo – Spark Bot with Meraki Scanning API [DEMO]

Investigo is a bot for Spark, Cisco’s unified communications service, which enables customers to use wireless infrastructure to locate Wi-Fi capable assets. The Investigo is a mash-up bot that uses several solutions: Spark, Tropo and Meraki wireless access points, spanning from the enterprise to the Internet of Things world.

What’s a “Deep Link?”

Learn about how to use deep links to navigate directly to a single client device, Meraki node, or switch port in the Dashboard via your existing system. These deep links can be constructed and accessed as long as a user is logged into Dashboard and can be injected to reduce the number of clicks a network operator needs to perform to reach the page he/she is looking for.

March 2018
API Feature Improvements
Clone Network via API

Our Dashboard API has been updated to allow for users to copy the initial configuration from an existing network when creating a network via API. This is done via the new parameter, ‘copyFromNetworkId’.

This functions in the exact same way as the existing ‘Clone from existing network‘ option on the Create Network page in Dashboard. More information can be found on our API documentation. This new endpoint is updated in the Postman Collection.

MX Cellular Firewall Rules

This new endpoint allows you to return existing MX Cellular firewall rules as well as update those rules. Documentation is available in the Postman Collection.

New Solution Guides & Demos
Manage Administrators Across Organizations
Meraki users may encounter a scenario where they must manage multiple Meraki dashboard organizations, whether by necessity (scale) or for management purposes. A powerful Python script has been developed by our open source community in order to help our users quickly and programmatically add, delete, find, and list administrators across organizations.

Node-RED and Meraki APIs Demo

Interacting with APIs, the Internet of Things and building automation tools has never been so easy and fun. Node-RED is an open source flow based editor built on NodeJS. If you are new to developing or would like a “low-code” experience for using Meraki APIs, this tool is perfect for you.
